Add DDEV_PHP_VERSION to image build time, docs for building extension (#4463)
drud/ddev: docs/content/users/extend/customizing-images.md

**Remember that the Dockerfile is building a Docker image that will be used later with DDEV.** At the time the Dockerfile is executing, your code is not mounted and the container is not running, it’s just being built. So for example, an `npm install` in `/var/www/html` will not do anything useful because the code is not there at image building time.

> ### Available Environment Variables at Build Time

Reviewer: Could possibly be shortened without losing anything:

```suggestion
### Build Time Environment Variables
```

> At build time the web Dockerfile can use:

Reviewer: Slightly more specific—saying this here rather than in the title:

```suggestion
The following environment variables are available for the web Dockerfile to use at build time:
```
